Only show user's filters in profile admin change page (#789)
Uninett/Argus: changelog.d/735.changed.md

> Only show filters in profile admin belonging to profiles user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When editing a notification profile in the admin UI, only the profile owner's own filters are now listed as available for selection.
```
